What's really cool about CSX is the fact that just like with a shim now we don't have to download anything
to start using CSF and we can just start using CSX right away.
In general there are three ways how to start using CSX the inline internal and external CSX.
As a side note in the beginning I'll use a lot of color property because it gives us the best representation
but don't get hung up on the property names or values right now we'll cover them very shortly.
First I would just like to get you a general idea.
So first let's look at inline CSA.
So let's say at the moment we have one heading one bravely sitting on our plate.
Now how I would like to style this.
So let's say I would like that color right now in the Irish demo.
We had a attribute the attribute name was very simply style.
Now again for now please don't get hung up on a syntax.
I would just like to show you how we can add CSX to our page and later on we're going to cover the properties
and values and everything.
So within the style natural beauty I would need to have the quotation marks and then within the quotation
marks and this is where I write my style.
So like I said I would like to have the color.
So I'm going to say color is gonna be as you can see many options I have right away by Visual Studio
code.
So let's go with I don't know can go with all of what I say.
Now I know I said red but for now I just changed my mind and we're going with olive so we're gonna save
it.
And what happens is right away my text is Olive.
So I change my color.
Now all this is great however obviously there are going to be some downsides.
Now what would be the downsides well even though we have the color and everything is looking really
nice.
What happens if I would like more properties so let's say font size.
Now remember we needed to add some my colon and I'm going to say font size and let's go with again three
areas.
And again I know I said this before but please please don't get hung up on the syntax right now.
Well we're going to cover this shortly.
Pretty much you don't have to do anything just watch what's happening.
So let's say here we're adding the font size now as you can see already I just added two properties
but my h the email is getting really clogged up.
And also another issue would be the fact that what if I have another heading to let's say here two and
here I'm going to say hello people.
Now what if I would like to have some success here too.
Does that mean again I'm going to have to create a style attribute and add all these styles as you can
see it gets really annoying because if you're going to have web page normally with let's say 500 elements
what are you going to do for each and every element you're going to be adding this kind of style.
And then what if you will is going to change your mind.
What if you're going to say I don't know I don't feel like all if I feel like red.
So let's head over back and let's say red.
Now for every element that has the olive you're going to be changing back to red.
That is not very practical.
So while in lines yes this is the most basic way how we can add us to our Web page since it has multiple
downsides.
This is probably not something that you going to use very often.